---
layout: post
title: Hom I'm beating depression
date: 2011-06-1 10:08:00 
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 1 June 2011 - Shenzhen

It's sad to admit, that a guy at the age of 24 could bump into this thing, called depression. When I think of depression,
it appears it's more to do with women, not men. But still, we're all humans, emotional beings.
Point one is to realise, that everything has it's reason, so has the depression.
Let's say, depression is a bunch of continuous bad emotions and unwillingness to do anything. So, what's the reason ? What are the reasons of your bad mood?
These are the first questions you should ask yourself.
At first your inner weak guy will tell you "oh, it's just bad mood, I just don't want anything. Nothing happens and everything is boring. It's depression, it's normal to have bad mood during depression".
So you need to break through this wall of shity excuses and honestly ask yourself what's going on. What makes you not happy.

Lack of excitement? Okay, what excites you? Success ? You have no forward movement, you feel stuck at the same place. Opportunities are passing by somewhere else, and you're wasting your time.
Wow-wow-wow. Then who could help you ? Is there any person in this world who could help you better than you yourself ? Who knows you better than you yourself ?
That's why you should ask for help in your inner world, not in outer one - because you know yourself better than anyone else. Sometimes you just don't want to face the truth.

So, you're stuck? You're wasting your time ? Than do something to get out. Do something not to waste your time. It's that simple.
In my case I'm stuck on the same job for a year now. And the work is boring and doesn't allow personal or career growth. So I waste my time, while I could study Chinese or train my body, develop my skills in acting, etc.
One more problem is that I don't have any significant progress in my Chinese, because I don't devote enough time to it. I need to read everyday, write down new words, work on pronounciation, and normally I barely open a book.

Then I realize the problem was with the wrong approach to studying Chinese. I was measuring my work on Chinise in time. Say "nice, I'll spend 3 hours studying Chinese now".
And if some thing happend, and I had to cut the time, I was thinking "No, 2 hours is too insignificant for Chinese. I should do something else". In this way I was inventing some unimportant tasks, which haven't got much to do with Chinese.
So, I was unhappy, because in my opinion it's time which matters to measure success, not the result. Didn't spend four hours ? - You didn't succeed.
I made a trap for myself, with the idea of process being more important than the goal. It works in some cases, yet doesn't work in others.
So, yesterday I said to myself: "20 new words, 4 vocabulary pages for dictation, 2 pages of reading, and then I can do whatever I want to".
It was like being a parent and a child at the same time.
When I realized I can "go play" after I do my homework, I felt very excited. It helped me seize unproductive thinking about some shit. For example you start recalling the day, think about the boss and what he said and then you suddenly find yourself making up answers to that imaginary talk, being completely "out" of this world for several minutes.
There are too much things and association links you could think of. Way too much, so you need to control it, manage well. Stay focused on your current tasks and don't let your thoughts flow away.

So I find myself finishing my planned Chinese tasks 30 mins before the scedule, and accomplishing more than in 2 previous days.
Now I can have my prize - say, half an hour of piano. Good - I got my prize, and didn't waste time.
I did something to change the present state of affairs, so I don't need to worry about my future. Because I know I'm doing my best now.
By the way, I realize one more thing about myself. I need to learn new things. Constantly. Or else I'm unhappy.

So, some advices that help me and might as well help you to beat depression:
1. Ask yourself these qustions: 1. why are you in bad mood ? 2. What makes you unhappy ? 3. Can you do something about it ?
2. Do something. 
3. Relax. It doesn't help if you're nervous about something, it only wastes your energy. Why not use this energy to turn the things upside down ?
4. Spend more time with yourself. Ask yourself what is it that you'd like to do now. What is it that you want to do with your life. Listen to your inner world's feelings.


