---
layout: post
title: Why setting mini-deadlines is critically important to increase productivity
date: 2011-06-2 15:15:00 
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 2 June 2011 - Shenzhen

I just realised one thing, about which Tim Ferris was talking in his "Four hour work week".
Yesterday evening I again didn't attend my MMA session. Leftovers of depression are still somewhere in my brains.
To make it up to myself, I decided to do some stretching. I hadn't had much time to sit in the splits, so I gave myself 40 minutes, which is usually as much as half of the time I normally need to sit in the splits.
Guess what ? I made it. I realized I can make it faster, if I set concrete time to accomplish the task.
The other thing is - when doing some task, you fill as much time, as you have. Say, you have the whole day to complete something. Guess what ? You're going to fill that whole day with accomplishing the task.
If you had two days for the same amount of things to do, you'd most probably fill those 2 days. It means, if you don't set any deadlines - you'll most probably spend all your entire life and accomplish absolutely nothing. Sometimes we are lucky enough when outer world sets deadlines for us(be it a boss, or, say, exam, you have to pass next week). Though in most cases there is no outer substance or matter which will set a deadline for you.
The other thing to mention is - the more strict the deadline is - the more effective you work. Let's recall those university days, when you had to prepare a term paper in terms of one day, or even one night.
You could be gathering all necessary data during the whole semester, or you could bite your teeth and have it done in several nights. Why I say "mini-deadline" is because some of us might think of deadline as of something BIG. For example "finish the project bug fix during next week". And "week" is way too abstract.
Sure thing, the hardest part is that you have to give deadlines to yourself. There's no boss, no controlling organ, only you. 

I still feel unsatisfied, I still feel something is wrong, something is missing and I'm not in harmony with myself. It might turn out that accomplishing more in less time can't help make you happy.
Sure thing, I might think of my opponents, who are fighting their way to the top, while I write this post, and it might give me some ignition. But It doesn't last long. You can't use other lives to adjust your own.
I see the only cure now. Set my only holy aim. My live-or-die aim, and make a plan on the paper how to achieve it. When I achieve it, I get to a new place, to the new level of self-being, with better understanding of the bugs in my head.

A flashing bunch of thoughts in my mind:
1. Move to Beijing or Shanghai /can be done in 3-4 months
2. Find a job in translations/cinema (cinema is way better) /can be done in 3-4 months
3. New level of Chinese which could allow me to be a TV-host. /can be done in 6-12 months
4. Get new results with my body (new movements, new acrobatic tricks) /can be done in 4-6 months
5. Perhaps, find someone to love (after all is done).

These sound like deadlines, not mini-deadlines, but still.