---
layout: post
title: A dream
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 20 May 2011 - Shenzhen

Inspite of being deadly tired after all kinds of work outs, I couldn't fall asleep. I then suddenly felt falling somewhere into a dream.
I found myself at the place of my agent (my movie agent). She didn't speak much. Than I crawled for some reason and again was swallowed somewhere into
the floor. It turned out the appartmen of my agent was in the sky, and now I was falling into the sky, full of coulds. I could see the sun.
The upcoming wind flow was harsh, yet a bit warm, so it was a very pleasant feeling. After falling for some time I started seeing blue sea under my feet.
At this moment I decide to try to fly, as I'm in the sky already. After several attempts I succeed and start flying in horizontal dimension. Moving very fast.
I feel every muscle of my body, it's in tone, ready for any activity. I come back to my bed, see myself lieing tommy down on the bed, and I see my body
growing a bit. I then come back to flying, trying new tricks, some rotational motions, etc. Feeling almost like a superman.
I see the see under my feet, some big fish there. I fall into the water, getting swallowed in a sort of a water-tunnel. Feel myself lying on the bed,
breathing in. I get my will in a fist and jump off the water, landing on a stone, which is at the beach of a little island with some trees.
Then I realise I'm at home. The stone is on my bed. I jump off the stone and start wandering around my flat. I look at my hands to check if it's an "awareness" dream. A flash thought "need to get something from that world".
Turn my head and see the stone - the thing from that world. I'm happy, yet realize my movements are a bit slow, so, it must be not a real world.
Then I find myself back in the appartmen of my agent, and this appartment looks similar to my flat in Kiev. I see Vivienne(agent), she's still cool, than
she gets off the range and I realize there's someone going to appear from out of the corner. My will power is not enough to transform that "someone"
to Vivienne, so I find there a guy, who looks like a Universal Soldier. I punch him in face, we start fighting, I start recalling the movements from MMA classes.
I wake up with the feeling "I'm on the next level". Awesome dream.



