---
layout: post
title: Shooting in the office, shooting at the MMA session
date: 2011-06-21 17:32:00 
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 21 June 2011 - Shenzhen

Lovely day, I must admit. First I got approval from the boss, so that Sichuan TV crew could shoot some stuff for the show in our office, then we were actually shooting.
I must admit, I never realized, that one could behave in one way during work, and in totally different way when it comes to speaking on the camera. I asked the most cool, self-confident and vivid people to say a few words about me, and yet there was only one co-worker who wasn't afraid to do that. There were also two girls, and they did there best, yet were very nervous. One of them even wrote down some stuff about me (we work together for more than 1 year!)
Then we had some shooting downstairs the building where I work. I was riding bmx and doing some easy stuff. I wouldn't even call it trick - just bunnyhop -that's all.

In the evening the crew came to MMA session (Mixed Martial Arts, for those of you who don't know). I was tired, and we also had to shoot the same actions for several times. Then the cameramen and the producer realized that my gloves were torn, so we had to shoot it one more time. I was doing some punching, kicking, some backflips, wallflips. I realize, that if you really want to be an action movie-star - you have to know how to do 200-300% of the stuff the audience will see, you have to be 200-300% endurable and strong of what it usually takes to do the trick, because you almost definitely will have to shoot some movements more than one time. During the session I realized I forgot (never knew) how to do a low kick. Woody - our coach said a very good thing "Yuriy, one thing at a time. You can't learn everything at the same time". So I started practicing straight punch, devided in footwork, body twisting, shoulder pushing and actually kicking. By the end of the training I felt 10-20% of punch power increase. Conclusion: need to work more on technique.

The good thing is I also tried some new movements from acrobatics. I did a sort of aerial, though, It's hard to judge, because I can't see my self from the other side. Maybe will need to ask someone to help me do the shooting. Once again - more stretching, technique, acrobatics.