---
layout: post
title: My new melody "The Kill"
date: 2011-12-23 12:35:00
categories :
- cities
- travelling
- piano
- music
- video
- thoughts
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 23 December 2011 - Shenzhen

Made it up myself. Pictures from Hong Kong.
<iframe width="420" height="315" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/cx4hC2RtUxY" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
Youku version is <a href="http://v.youku.com/v_show/id_XMzM1MDc1MTI4.html" target="_blank">here</a>.

Just for reference: I was learning piano for a year when I was about 7 y.o. Then I had a break for about 18 years, and in age of 25, on the 26th of December in 2011 I bought my Yamaha3100, took about 5 lessons with a coach and realized that either I play everyday for 1-2 hours, either it's useless. I didn't have that much time, and I had more important things to do, so I stopped taking lessons, and officially gave up the idea. Though I was sometimes playing for fun. I still can't play reading notes, but sometimes the melody just comes into my mind, or better say into my hands. I explore it, try different variants, and if it's OK - I record it. The point is - fuck the rules. Even if you can't play (like me), you actually still can play (like me). The thing which stops a lot of people from doing what they like is actually the comparison with other people who are better than they in that particular skill. My technique is definitely way worse than of a 10 y.o. child, who was taking classes for a couple of years. I sure can't even think of reaching the level of Beethoven or Bach. The same with martial arts. I'll never become the second Bruce Lee or Donnie Yen. One shouldn't think of all that stuff, just do what you like and what you have passion for. If you won't succeed being famous singer/writer/fighter/composer, at least you will be happy during the process.


