---
layout: post
title: Friendship between girls
date: 2011-12-31 15:48:00
categories :
- girls
- thoughts
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 31 December 2011 - Shenzhen

Another few words about friendships between girls. I have a friend, her name is Xenia, she has a friend Alice, they are together for about 9 years. They are best friends. I like Alice, and during those couple of times when we met, we got not further than kisses, though it's already very good, taking into consideration the fact, that there were three of us in a one-room appartment. I'd like to mention that it's damn hard to ask Alice out, because she's always with Xenia, and Alice is not the girl who just jumps into your bed. As I have good relationships with Xenia, and she knows I like Alice, she makes up a plan to make us be together. Sure thing, nor Alice, nor me knew about the plan.

The girls are going back home in a couple of days, so we won't see each other for a month, so yesterday evening we decided to meet up and have a dinner. They drank some vodka, and when they came to my place, Xenia pretended she was sick and went to bed, so that Alice and I could stay alone and talk and thus become closer. I didn't know about the plan, so I really thought Xenia was sick. It was late, so I proposed her to stay, or let everybody stay, anything just to let her stay and sleep. Alice knows her friend for about 9 years, so she started suspecting something. It pretty much explains the fact, that she in every way tried to wake up Xenia, inspite of the fact, that Xenia had a really bad look and seemed to be deadly drunk. The process was repeating during the whole hour: Alice and I were talking on the balcony, while she was having another cigarette, then we were going back to the room, where Alice would try to wake Xenia up. Every time I was praying for Xenia not to wake up, because I didn't want Alice to take away my trophy. By that moment I already knew that Alice is a hard nut to crack, and that tonight she probably wouldn't stay with me. *

Suddenly Alice tells something in their dialect in the ear of Xiaozu, at the same time Xiaozu starts laughing. And then shouts "idiots! idioooootss!". It turned out she planned everything very thoroughly: she would pretend she's sleeping, so that Alice and I would be alone, then her friend would call her, and she'd go out to join him in an internet cafe, so that Alice and I could be totally alone. That friend wasn't good at hiding info, so Alice found out the truth, as well as I did.

Then Alice happily drags Xiaozu home, inpite of the fact, that Xiaozu wants to stay at my place. I understood that it's over, that Xiaozu caould stay, if Alice would leave and let her sleep, but Alice didn't trust Xiaozu. At the same time, she knew that Xiaozu likes me, so she kept trying to wake her up, so that not to let us stay together in one room. During first few seconds I couldn't understand what's happening, why Alice is so happy, and why she tries to ridicule me. And then I suddenly realise: Alice is more pretty than Xenia and she dominates in their relationships. Alice was happy to: 1) reveal the plan, confirm her status quo 2) mess up her friend's good stuff and lower her self-esteem (say, you could spend a night with the guy you like), thus increase her own self-esteem, and finally turn me down - handsome guy, who's appears on TV, so that her self-esteem would go even higher.

*When the three of you have a date, and the girls are good friends, it's the same as to battle with two opponents, even if one of them is on your side. When girls are together, they are two times more powerful, they can understand each other with a single look, tear down that spider's web, which you were so diligently building. The key moment here is the ending of the dating. When two guys try to make decision on who's going to be with the girl, that girl most probably will be with one of them. Let it be the guy she likes more, and let the one who lost suffer the pain, but it is what is called men code of honor. At the same time, when two girls are about to make a desicion who's going to be with the guy, the guy will most probably end up sleeping alone. That's because one girl would "rescue" another. That other girl would be stupid enough, or be loving her dominating friend enough to turn down her own happiness, she would just shut her eyes to the fact, that she's the one who had been manipulated, manipulated because of envy.

So I think - it's simpe with guys. Guys can trust each other, let their friendship be even too primitive, it has no other stuff. On the other side, what should girls do? What if that girl has a childhood friend, who will sit upon her ear, and whisper something that is no good for her ?

P.S. All the names in the story are fictional.
