---
layout: post
title: Our company forbids using Skype and QQ during work time
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 23 May 2011 - Shenzhen

First our HRs forbidded us using QQ, saying we spend too much time in it, talking with friends and not working.
Thus they made us open new QQ accounts and tell them the password. Our sysadmin also did some tuning, so that inner QQ
numbers couldn't add outer(from out of the world) QQ numbers. Most of my coworkers started using new QQ numbers, and the minority
(including me) are using old numbers, and it causes some communications problems - when you have to send a picture or a text, you have to use old-fashioned
e-mail method.

I thought that's it, just a little slap in the face.
Last Friday, though, our secretary came up to my desk and we had the following dialog:
- Yuriy, do you use Skype ?
- Yes
- Then write down it here (gives me a sheet of paper with the list of all employees)
I write my skype and notice that Skype is mostly used among foreigners. Moreover, the contacts list was renewed several times during last year,
but no one ever asked for Skype. Well, maybe it's something new, I though.
Sure. The secretary comes back in a few minutes and says:
- Yuriy, please write down the password of your Skype.
(I'm making a movement pointing the "fuck" in the air, symbolizing the fuck to the company with this kind of shit)
- Yeah, sure.
- Ok, If you don't want to tell your password, you have to open a new Skype account, but you still must tell the password.
- Ok.

The funniest thing is that they'd never decrease the unnecessary web-surfing time in this way. If you want, you can hang out on blogs, facebook, read RSS, or simply work slower.
Being a freedom-loving person, I even want to rebel. Wear short pants with a freaking eye-smashing picture, make a tattoo of Mao Tze Dun on my chest, wear an undershirt, smoke at my workplace and bother female coworkers.

They'd better think of motivation. There is more sense in it, though it's much harder to motivate, than to make up penalties and restrictions.
(They also told me that they should deduct a penalty from my salary because I use work-time to eat my breakfast).
Well what about the fact that I don't smoke and save the time usual smokers waste while smoking. Well what about being on a diet, and thus, having the
necessity to have two breakfasts: one at 6 - 6:30, the other at 9:00 ?
Well, at least now I know the wrong way. When I'll open my own company, I'll have a better picture of the things which work and the things which don't work.

Oh, yes, they also mentioned MSN, which I don't have.
I was going to guess what comes next, to make the life of employees more complicated and didn't have to wait long.
Today they started checking the Skype (if someone used it during work-time) and continued asking for Skype passwords of the coworkers who were absent last Friday.

Sure thing, if I'd encounter this kind of company in Ukraine, my motherland, I'd resign immediately, when I just started hearing the first letters
of the words "Skype password" and "penalty".
But I'm in China now, I respect this country with it's customs and traditions. And I'm mostly satisfied with my job. And my visa is being extended. I don't complain, Pussies, I'm still with you.

