---
layout: post
title: Why your job might become boring after some time
date: 2011-06-13 16:49:00 
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 13 June 2011 - Shenzhen

Although, I'm going to talk about my own experience, I'm sure everyone could find something useful in this post.
All the things might become boring after some time, especially after a long time, but it's not the case.
The ideal case, and let's face it - that's how it should be - your job should excite you. You need to find that source of excitement somewhere. Speaking about myself, I like to study, learn new stuff.
So, I felt pretty okay during the first half of the year. Later I started realize I'm tired of IT industry.
Couple of days ago I made another conclusion - my problem is in mission. In its absence.

When I first came on the project, there was a team. I'd say a motivated team, who was creating an Alibaba alike russian web-portal. The idea was neat. Then the creator left us, then designer left us. I'm alone on the project and just started drifting.
The things started to get messy when our new Chinese boss (who is hated by both Chinese and Russians co-workers) started giving us stupid tasks.
Just as an example:

1. A couple of months ago our boss ordered me to manually upload queries on the website. So that our VIP clients would see there's some movement on the website and continued paying.

2. Then he wanted me to introduce him some Russian online sale taols. Sure, we, Chinese, are going to remotely compete with local Moscow online-stores.

3. Then our boss made our Russian designer leave the company. I asked him "who's going to make the Russian design for Russian sites and magazines?". He said "it's okay, our team can make international design".
As a result, there's a Russian website we're making for our Chinese client. And we have being starting it all over againg for 3 times. Because the Russian party wasn't pleased. And everytime I have to upload goods manually.

4. For several months they've had this stupid idea about building a jobhunt website for Russians. I said back then "Come on, guys. Don't even think about it, if you don't have a clean idea on what features would allow it to beat Russian monsters - the websites who've been on the market for years now, the sites which have lots of staff maintaining them".
Sure thing, nobody listened, they just pretend they don't hear "stupid foreigner doesn't know what he's talking about".

5. Then the boss gave our translator a task - translate 3000 CVs in 2 months. It's 1 CV per 4 minutes, not including time necessary for opening and closing files. The CVs of complete strangers, who have no idea their CV's are being translated, who'd never expect to have a call from Chinese HR.

6. Then he called up a meeting of our department (about 10 persons) where he told everyone who's who. Literally: "He's a developer, and she's our tranlator, oh, and that's our sales manager". The people who work together more than 6 months and know each other's responsibilities very good. Captain-obvious he is our boss. Sure thing, he didn't say anything about himself, because he does absolutely nothing.

7. This Friday he gave us an order: "Download as many CVs as possible from some Russian website". There was 24-hours limit, so he even wanted some of us to overtime. Happily, there was a limit for 500 views per day.

8. The same Friday, at the end of working day he make a "joke": "Yuriy! Giving you a task!" (speaking loudly, smiling). "You need to hack that Russian website!". It's all psychology. He's shouting out stupid shit, wanting me to react, so that next time I already got used to it and would be ready to fulfil his tasks.
I said it's illegal, and then he said "it's okay, you can do it". Sure, I'd never did this kind of shit If I even knew how. More important is that I saw no reason in it.

9. Than he wanted me to introduce him to "Yandex money" on-line payment system. For what ? Let Chinese pay for public services, for electricity ?

Summing up, I must say that it's a swamp, where any attempts of rationality sink immediately. I have no idea how they earn money or do business. When you just start working in this company you try to resist, think of the best way to handle the matters, but later you see it's no use, and so you just start floating and obeying orders without thinking. They have their logic. Still, if they pay for it - why not ?

And here is the main point - the question of motivation.
If you have no motivation, it means you'r passive, you don't care.
I belive one should care about most of the stuff which he or she is doing.
Why do we live?

How can one compare the feeling of a firefighter who saves a life and an office employee downloading stupid CVs for a project which died immediately when the idea was born in the brains of unreasonable boss ?
How does it feel when you know that the thing you're doing will not change the world to best and won't change you. That it's completely useless.

For me, being on the spot, shooting a movie, or a tv commercial and sitting in the office and doing stupid job which won't make this world better - is two totally different things.
Even if I get a task which needs some thinking "say, Chinese translation" I still do it without any passion. As I know it was issued by a person who already gave me lot's of stupid tasks. So I don't know if this new task is something important or just another stupidity.

Sure, I try to listen to Chinese dialogues during work, write out some words, but it doesn't change the whole picture. Everyday I come to work, make some tea, and I know I'll throw away 9 hours for nothing.

It's cool when there is a mission. Our company has none of it. Pieces of departments often doing useless work - that's what we have.
I know, boss would fire me if there's an opportunity, but he doesn't (maybe, I should feel sorry for that). I got used to this life, and the worst thing is I don't learn new things.

Mission. I need my mission. All I do, should come out from my own interests. Good mission is the one that changes you, or the world. Anything else is shit and doesn't worth time spent on it.
I haven't been to MMA for 3 weeks or so, don't know if it's good or bad, taking into concideration the fact that I do work out and stretching in the gym.

Now I got a proposition from Beijing wushu team to participate in a parkour exhibition. Need to practice.

And I think to myself - why am I not rich, why don't I have a car, why do I live in a mini-flat, everyday riding a bike to a stupid job with no prospects?
I'm more clever than many, have good strong body and mind full of dreams. Maybe, I'm still concentrated on myself and my skills, not on earning money. In any case, my self-discipline has issues.
The thoughts in my brain: Body, Language, Acting skills. Need to develop these, it will increase my chances to break through.

Two main issues at the moment: 1) discipline 2) priorities

Once again: Why do you live this particular day? For what ? What are you going to change it for - for new skills and knowledge(better you) or for several hundreds Chinese Yuan ? The choice, as usually, is up to you.