---
layout: post
title: Pulling 100 kg off the chest and some words about deadlines
date: 2011-06-28 10:25:00 
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 28 June 2011 - Shenzhen

Pulling 100 kg off the chest was on my aim list for several months now. I planned to reach my aim in August, as I recently switched to 90 kg. Suddenly I get the SMS from our gym, saying that due to the Shenzhen Universiade 2011, the gym will be closed from 1st of July to 25th of August. I realized if I don't do it now, I won't be able to do it in 2 months. So I get some food to gain some energy, I go to the gym, ask the guy to stay behind in case I won't be able to pull it. And, OH MIRACLE! I push it! Moreover, I feel the power in my hands. I do 3 times - very clean. And the 4th one I push with the help of my friend. I finally did it - the stuff I was able to do when I was 16, though back then I was able to push it only once, yet the quality wasn't so good, as I used back to help myself.

It wasn't enough for me, so I went outside, and after practicing nunchaku started doing the aerial. I couldn't make myself use even one hand, not speaking of not using hands at all. I tried hard, and finally after numerous attempts was able to perform a sort of aerial.

Thinking back about pushing 100 kg. Damn! I was ready to give 2 months for the thing I already could do! The problem, again, as in case of learning to do 100 pull offs, is in mind, not in body. It's the mind and spirit that makes the difference. First you need to be ready in your mind, and then there's no thing which can stop you. When it's in your mind - it's already yours. And the deadlines. If I haven't had that deadline, I wouldn't even think of beeing able to push 100 kg the same day I got that SMS.